otelhttp: Record metrics on timed out requests (#4634)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Mimic the `context.WithoutCancel` behavior introduced in Go 1.21 to fix metric recording on timed out requests in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#4542)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `http.Handler` metric instrumentation in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` to record metrics on timed out requests. (#4542)
```
